Feature/case-insensitive-name-matching (#508)
stackabletech/trino-operator: docs/modules/trino/pages/usage-guide/catalogs/generic.adoc

          valueFromSecret:
            name: my-postgresql-credentials-secret
            key: password

> #         if tables are capitalized / upper case for e.g. frost-server which can be read by trino,

Reviewer: I would not use it in the example, rather have e.g. a troubleshoot header where you mention postgres / mysql and the table names etc.
Frost should not be in here, its about postgres/mysql.

Author: Done

== Add additional contents

In case you need more contents, such as the need to mount Secrets - containing e.g. certificates or keytabs - please consult the xref:nightly@home:concepts:overrides.adoc#_pod_overrides[documentation on podOverrides].

> == Troubleshoot
> === Capitalized or upper case table names with postgres/mysql
> 
> The `case-insensitive-name-matching` property fixes a problem with upper case table names in databases, since Trino can only handle lower cases. If table names are upper cases and get queried via Trino the error
> 
> `Table '<catalog>.<schema>.<table>' does not exist io.trino.spi.TrinoException: line 2:6: Table '<catalog>.<schema>.<table>' does not exist`
> 
> is thrown. As mentioned in https://trino.io/docs/current/connector/postgresql.html#general-configuration-properties[PostgreSQL connector general configs]
> 
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> spec:
>   connector:
>     generic:
>       properties:
>         case-insensitive-name-matching:
>           value: "true"
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Troubleshoot

=== Capitalized or upper case table names with PostgreSQL / MySQL

If table names are capitalized or upper case in PostgreSQL / MySQL, Trino can list the tables contained in a schema (lower case) but cannot access any data due to the error:

`Table '<catalog>.<schema>.<table>' does not exist io.trino.spi.TrinoException: line 2:6: Table '<catalog>.<schema>.<table>' does not exist`

This is fixed by setting the `case-insensitive-name-matching` connector property which works for both https://trino.io/docs/current/connector/postgresql.html#general-configuration-properties[PostgreSQL connector] and https://trino.io/docs/current/connector/mysql.html#general-configuration-properties[MySQL Connector].

This can be added to the generic connector as follows:

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  connector:
    generic:
      ...
      properties:
        case-insensitive-name-matching:
          value: "true"
      ...
----
```

== Add additional contents

In case you need more contents, such as the need to mount Secrets - containing e.g. certificates or keytabs - please consult the xref:nightly@home:concepts:overrides.adoc#_pod_overrides[documentation on podOverrides].

== Add databases with upper case tables

> The `case-insensitive-name-matching` property fixes a problem with upper case table names in databases, since Trino can only handle lower cases. If table names are upper cases and get queried via Trino the error `Table '<catalog>.<schema>.<table>' does not exist io.trino.spi.TrinoException: line 2:6: Table '<catalog>.<schema>.<table>' does not exist` is thrown.

Reviewer: I would make the error its own "paragraph" or standalone.

Its not just upper-case, could also be just capitalized etc.

A link to the postgres connector from trino would help as well.

Author: Done
